This video is sponsored
by Epidemic Sound.
Sink.
The sunken place to me is
the suppression of voices.
It feels like the country
as a whole has been living
in the sunken place.
I got rights to talk, bro.
You got no rights here.
You're a 'migo, brother.
I think all great horror has
a social message of some sort.
Do they know I'm black?
No.
Should they?
What are you people?
We're Americans.
It's Hands Across America.
Hands Across America.
We still have the
American spirit.
But however you define us.
In order for you to have
us, there's gotta be a them.
A targeted act of
political violence.
A radical leftist.
He is a Biden supporter.
The suspected shooter is MAGA.
Left versus right,
us versus them.
We are polarized because
there is a lot to be
gained by certain people
when we're polarized.
The big question about the,
the addiction to spectacle.
An absolute spectacle.
It began as the fun
of a horror story.
The sunken place.
It's my favorite genre.
I wanted to have
fun while writing.
Um, and it turned, you
know, in the middle of the
process, it turned into
something more important.
By the way, I, I would've
voted for Obama for a
third term if I could.
Best president in my
lifetime, hands down.
I agree.
Yeah.
So help me, God.
Congratulations,
Mr. President.
Barack Obama is the first
African American President
of the United States.
2008. As America welcomes
a new president, Saturday
Night Live looks for
someone to play him.
Calling all Obamas.
Your dream gig
is up for grabs.
Saturday Night Live needs
to find an Obama fast.
She is responsible for
everything I have achieved.
Uh, what I can say.
I also think America
wants change.
And SNL set their eyes on
upcoming talent Jordan Peele.
You had a chance at
the last year of MADtv.
Yeah.
To get onto SNL.
They offered it to you
because they wanted
you to play Barack.
For 29-year-old Jordan,
this was a no brainer.
So mad is basically
underneath SNL.
When you're a sketch
performer, improv performer
at this time, you're not
trying to land on MADtv,
you're trying to land on SNL.
The guy that owned
MADtv, David Salzman.
Said, no, he's
contractually with us.
For like a year, right.
Or like even less than that.
Yes.
He could have let you go like,
fuck the year, SNL, go do it.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
There's four more episodes.
But he didn't do it.
He didn't do it.
Four more episodes
left on your contract.
On the contract.
He is like, you know,
they're gonna laugh.
The, you know, the
network's gonna laugh.
Laugh me out of the room if
I even try to bring that up.
Saturday Night Live chose a
guy of white asian heritage
Fred Armisen to play Obama.
Thank you though.
The hardest part was
when, uh, MADtv ended.
You know, I, all of a sudden I
was, I didn't have direction.
So I went through a
dark period where, um,
you know, I was, I, I
didn't know what to do.
I came off MAD, very sort
of like bitter from like,
what I felt was like
contractual bullying and this
kind of stuff or whatever.
And so in this case,
my, my thing was like,
all right, convert this
into strategy, right?
Mm-hmm.
I need to be the producer.
A few years later, after
doing like a pilot and a
movie as an actor here or
there, uh, Keegan and I got
together and sold the show.
Life changing?
Life changing.
I don't know if there's
any Key and Peele fans?
Yes.
You wanna see how I
edit these things?
Get on over here.
These are the videos.
This is the audio.
But these bright pink blocks?
Music.
So this is a brand deal,
but I don't feel like I have
to work hard to sell this
one because for over three
years I've got almost all my
music from Epidemic Sound.
Epidemic Sound is the best
soundtracking platform
for every creator.
Over 50,000 premium
restriction free tracks,
200,000 sound effects,
but recently, they've
switched the game up.
Adapt is their new tool
that lets you tweak the
mood and genre of any
Epidemic Sound track.
For instance, you'll see later
I start a sequence with this
western inspired cowboy track.
Using Adapt,
I could create a sci-fi
version of the same track
that kept the same melody.
In the edit, I slowly fade
from the original to the
adapted version, aligning
with the sequence's direction.
I did the same thing in
the intro, adapting an
upbeat jazz tune into
something far more sinister.
Epidemic Sound also lets
you download stems, meaning
you have full control over
when to hide and reveal
certain instruments.
Some of my favorite
ever moments on this
channel wouldn't be the
same without music I
found on Epidemic Sound.
Start taking sound design
seriously and become
a better storyteller.
Use my link and soundtrack
your content today.
Welcome to the show everybody.
Uh, I'm Keegan.
I am Jordan.
And this is Key and Peele.
Thank you.
Yes, thank you.
So that, now you know.
Key, Peele.
We like to write sketches
that kind, that only
Keegan and I could perform
for whatever reason.
Whether it's like this kind of
weird racial exploration,
Christian, I almost totally
just got mugged right now.
Or it has this piece
of physical comedy only
Keegan can pull off.
Or has these accents
that we can do.
We are dealing with terrorism.
And what a great
opportunity to be here.
Now Jordan does a lot
of hands-on writing.
Jordan will write a lot
of his own sketches.
License and registration.
Holy!
Mr. President.
Now I want you to go ahead
and treat us like you would
if I weren't the President.
Not exactly what
I had in mind.
I started writing my,
my, my goal was to
become a great writer.
I started basically
writing Get Out in some,
2000, 2000, what is this?
Around 2005.
The initial idea
was already there.
What we have seen is
that America can change.
I wrote the movie primarily
during the post-racial
lie, so the Obama era.
Because together we're
gonna change America.
When everyone was saying,
Hey, we're past racism, right?
We did it.
I might be the next
future president.
Anything is possible.
With Obama's inauguration
in 2009, America had
conquered racism.
If only.
In its essence, it's kind
of a Key and Peele sketch.
It's an observation of
being black in white spaces.
By the way, I pitched it
like, no, no one's ever
gonna do this movie,
but here's the pitch.
A couple months into the
writing and I realized,
made this call and he
said, go, go for it.
Get out.
Sorry man.
Okay.
Get out!
Yo!
Yo, chill!
I got hypnotized last night.
N***a, get the
fuck outta here.
Mom and Dad,
my, um, my, my black
boyfriend will be coming
up this weekend and I just
don't want you to be shocked
that he's a black man.
You know, I don't wanna
get chased off the
lawn with a shotgun.
The nearest house
is across the lake.
It's total privacy.
Because with your frame and
your genetic makeup, if you
really pushed your body,
you'd be a fucking beast.
You should have Missy
take care of that for you.
How?
Hypnosis.
Come in and sit with me.
Please.
If there's too many
white people I get
nervous, you know.
How do you feel now?
I can't move.
Good to see another
brother around here.
Yes, of course it is.
You're paralyzed.
Now,
sink into the floor.
What the fuck?
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Sink.
So help me, God.
The, the sunken place
to me is the, the
suppression of voices.
The silencing of expression,
and that, that, that's what
keeps us from progress.
Get Out released in 2017,
emerging to an America
that's racism was no longer
polite and presentable.
It was dangerous.
So much of it is
timing, right?
I mean, yeah, that
movie was a a time.
You know, this is also
a time when there are
lawmakers who aren't going
to attend the State of the
Union because they think
our president's a racist.
I mean, where are we?
The president is a racist,
which is, um, very sad.
We will make
America great again.
Hail Trump, hail our people.
Hail victory.
And so I'm fortunate enough
that you know the movie
that I made as a response
to the racism I saw existing
in the Obama era came
out when Trump took over.
The movie that was about
this one kind of coded
racism came out in this
time when it was very much
this loud conversation.
I came here to speak on
behalf of Donald Trump.
You will not replace us!
That by the way it involved,
to be fair, the critiquing
of white liberalism.
Right.
You know, in a time
when Trump is big.
But I can tell that he has
nothing but the best interest
of this country at heart.
Like I said, it wasn't Get
Out, it was what was happening
and, and that timing of it.
Please welcome Jordan Peele.
In February, you made
your debut with Get Out.
The LA Times called it
a cultural phenomenon.
Uh, it's on a ton
of Oscar lists.
Highest grossing debut
film based on original
screenplay ever.
It soared with critics
and audiences alike.
A ticket selling monster that
cost less than $5 million to
make and earned more than $250
million at the box office.
For a black audience,
it was a movie they had
never seen before, but
always wanted to see, even
though they didn't know they
always wanted to see it.
Jordan Peele knows
exactly what he's doing.
Chris, you gotta get the
fuck up outta there, man.
You in some Eyes
Wide Shut situation.
Leave motherfucker.
Hello?
It feels like the country
as a whole has been living
in the sunken place.
You know, we can, we
can try and scream,
but we can't, uh, you know,
break through.
It's us.
Once
upon
a time.
There was a girl.
And the girl had
a shadow.
There was another
girl in there.
She looked like me.
Exactly like me.
That's crazy.
I've been having so many
crazy coincidences lately.
Jinx.
Double jinx.
Triple jinx.
Blackout.
You were in the
hall of mirrors.
She wasn't a reflection.
She was real.
There's a family
in our driveway.
So if y'all want to get
crazy, we can get crazy.
What are you people?
We're Americans.
They think like us.
They know where we are.
They won't stop
until they kill us,
or we kill them.
It's Hands Across America,
a 4,000 mile long chain
of good Samaritans
standing hand in hand.
When I thought to put the
Hands Across America in
this film is a an example
of this American duality.
That here you have this
event, on the one hand, it's
a beautiful thing, right?
We're all gonna get
together, we're gonna
hold hands, and somehow
that's gonna cure hunger.
Hands Across America.
Celebrities by the dozens
joined other Americans by
the millions yesterday to
raise money for the homeless.
The illusion that we're
contributing to something that
actually is making change.
And lately people
aren't talking too
much to one another.
And this, uh, this is why
this is such a great event.
As opposed to something
that kind of makes us feel
better and absolves us of
our, um, responsibility
to enact actual change.
It's the line.
Looks like some kind of
fucked up performance art.
I've been afraid of the
idea of seeing myself
since I was younger.
And the idea of like yourself
giving you, you a knowing
smile sort of indicating
I'm, I'm the version
that was ready for this.
You know, there's, uh,
something chilling about that.
Eleven eleven.
This seems to be a
group of individuals
engaged in some sort of
demonstration or protest.
You've talked a little
bit about how this film,
um, is dealing with kind
of this pervasive fear
of the other that is in
the zeitgeist right now.
Right left paradigm
is the only way our
narcissistic media ecosystem
sees anything anymore.
Do you think this film
would've emerged in your, in
your brain had the election
of 2016 not happened?
The shooter was a
radical leftist.
Right wing Trump
supporting Christian.
He is a Biden supporter.
Case closed.
We know the suspected
shooter, is MAGA.
Because collectively
we have a dark side.
I, I didn't set out
to make a movie about
a post-Trump America.
President Trump, with no
information on the shooter
whatsoever, immediately made
threats to go after liberals.
But, you know, it's, it's not
an accident that these were
my fears were surrounding
this sense of, of us, right?
As a collective, our demons.
I think about murdering
him sometimes.
Right now, everything
becomes left versus
right or us versus them.
And then there was us.
We're at political war.
All we care about is victory.
As awful as it is to accept,
outrage gets more votes, more
fundraising and more clicks
than love and forgiveness.
Anger sells.
I think what it summarized
and displays is the
fact that we still have
the American spirit.
But everything with a
spirit can get broke.
What's a bad miracle?
They got a word for that?
Nope.
The first notion that,
uh, I latched onto
when I was writing this
movie was this idea of,
of making a spectacle.
Making something people
would have to see.
Every Friday, for the last
six months, my family and
I have bore witness to
an absolute spectacle.
One that you'll be
seeing here today.
Look, this is a society
of the spectacle.
And I think that
the, the, the idea
of a spectacle, um,
harms us in many ways.
This is in reference to
the biggest, bestest, brand
new live show we have.
Whether it's something we
are so obsessed by that
we, we give it too much
power because it's, it has
a spectacular nature to it.
Man, this shit right
here is our moment.
Our moment.
Or if it's because
we use the spectacle
to distract ourselves
from the truth.
It's gonna get hungry again.
Does anybody watch UFC?
The great Dana White?
You highlighted a
possible UFC title flight
at the White House.
Think of this on the
grounds of the White House.
We have a lot of land there.
We're gonna build a little,
And my vision for this thing
is we have this big arch, as
you can see with the lighting
grid because what I want is
the White House in the back.
We are looking for
the impossible shot.
The Star Lasso experience.
It's also about our, our
inner need
I do a little singing
on the side.
Whether we have it or
not, to be the spectacle.
This dream you're chasing.
The one where you end up
at the top of the mountain.
All eyes on you.
To be seen, to be, to be
recognized for, um, who
we are and what we are.
It's the dream you
never wake up from.
You know people going to come
and do what they always do.
Try and take it
all for themselves.
Who's this asshole?
Can I help you?
You see that cloud?
There's certain animals
that use mesmerization
as a primary tool.
Today we're announcing
the Sora app, powered
by the all new Sora 2.
I ain't never seen
no shit like this.
Where's your phone?
Why aren't you filming this?
It's the most powerful
imagination engine ever built.
I don't think it eats you if
you don't look it in the eye.
Well, they made a TikTok
clone where every video is AI.
Oh, look at this.
Six seven.
I'm scrolling Martin Luther
King Jr. going six seven.
Like, that's gotta
be illegal somehow.
There's even a name for it.
AI slop.
I knew it had to be a, a
creature that was a vision.
And that you can't
look away from.
Don't look. Don't look.
So it looks and it feels
like TikTok, but all of the
content is pure AI slop.
Can you get back to work?
Anybody who scrolls SlopTok
for fun needs to reexamine
how they interact with media.
I'm gonna need to see your
driving license, please.
Of course, officer.
My analysis, we
are so completely
And it's got you when
it, when you do, when
you do look at it.
I think all great horror has
a social message of some sort.
And how do you feel about the
current situation right now
here in your home country?
We're getting new reports
about a chilling and
downright shocking escalation
of ICE tactics against
the residents of Chicago.
Pretty scared,
pretty terrified.
Um, pretty, uh, um,
pretty frustrated.
USA! USA! USA
And fuck Antifa.
When it works it's because
it's tapping into something
that we're suppressing.
As a society, as individuals.
Uh, let's not
make any mistake.
Uh, these individuals do not
just want to threaten our
law enforcement officers,
threaten our journalists and
the citizens of this country.
They want to kill them.
In the middle of the night,
hundreds of armed federal
agents and police breached
fences and busted doors in
an immigration raid on an
entire apartment building
on the city south side.
Their agenda is to destroy
the American people
and our way of life.
They pulled dozens of
residents from their homes
in zip ties, including
children, some of them
without any clothes.
And this president is
standing in their way.
At a certain point, decided
to use United States imagery
from, you know, whether
it's the genocide of the
Native American people, or
our our, um, our xenophobia.
And, and, um, and,
uh, privilege.
Millions turned out
across the country today
for a coordinated day of
protest against President
Donald Trump and his
administration's policies.
At least 7 million
Americans took to the
streets, protesting what
many called an abuse of
power by President Trump.
House Speaker Mike
Johnson called it quote,
the Hate America rally.
We love America.
We hate what they're
trying to do to America.
But however you define us, you
know, in order for you to have
us, there's gotta be a them.
I got rights to talk, bro.
You got no rights here.
You're a 'migo, brother.
Tyranny requires your
fear, your silence,
and your compliance.
Democracy requires
your courage.
Simple words.
No kings.
I think it's a joke.
I looked at the people.
They're not representative
of this country.
The things that are being done
right now in this government
are totally ridiculous.
The demonstrations were very
small, very ineffective.
Thousands of
protests, millions of
Americans showing up.
The largest day of protest
in American history.
All, all my films are
about human nature and
about something that,
um, I fear is part of our
DNA and, and scares me.
Our job here is to say we
do not respect what the
government is doing with
immigrants today, and that's
what we're here to do.
Shame! Shame! Shame!
The sunken place to me is the,
the suppression of voices.
The silencing of expression,
and that, that that's what
keeps us from progress.
Anti-government Gen Z online
protests have spilled onto
the streets of Sri Lanka,
Bangladesh, Nepal, and Kenya.
A leaderless movement in
a fight against corruption
and for social justice.
I've seen it happen so many
times this year where, uh,
really, screams for justice
are, are disregarded.
The entire system wanted
to suppress our voices.
The death toll now stands at
over 70 after anti-corruption
protests led to police clashes
and a host of buildings in
the capital being set a flame.
Look, if I see a box,
I'm gonna break it.
The trigger?
A ban on social
media platforms.
The fuel, something
far deeper.
They're corrupt,
they're incompetent.
That's why we, Gen
Z, are mobilizing.
Outrage against corruption,
nepotism and inequality.
This protest is not against
the social media ban.
If I see something I'm
not supposed to do,
I'm going to do it.
This is against the peak
corruption that these
ministers have done for
the past two decades.
It's our time now.
Our time up there.
We were suppressed.
Now we have our voice.
And I'm gonna figure
out how to make it work.
You too can be a
part of the process.
Use the facts.
Exercise your power.